is you are at home with no plant
right call
you just think most people
know who you know you 'll know
today what this plant is our routine
Irrigation is what you like or do not like.
You like it , there's a plant that
always die who does not bloom then he
will discover a little further
pig is hardness
I want to leave today, it 's violence.
I have here at home that is bought
those little pots to
you leave and even reveal some
secrets and how to take care of a little plant
with this very sensitive which is the violet
can realize she's very big does
I think the two or three years that I
I have it at home here and what I think
curious that other people with this
plant here thinking that she can not
to develop a large vessel or as a
I have to follow for example the secret
never look at the leaves
she is not a flower in the flower garden
so she can catch the sun I love the
humid environments with bathrooms but here
at home she is in the laundry area
where has a usury had the morning she
take a little wind does not get too much
because you do not like to see too and
Late afternoon, a little sun
I only live here I open the sheets and
I put water between the leaves if you
here on leaf or flower
You'll end up killing the plant with
multiple sheets
if you want to take a change you
cuts to the leaf stem for example
here cut diagonal there and then you leave
soaking in the water for a few days you
will realize that some
roots
then it is the right time to plant the
land for this type of plant can not
being is the top for the garden so you
between cultures or even the
his home that lives in the interior that
in the middle of the bush with pieces of
leaves you can use and also
never reg much solo
Because she does not like it, she seems
because it is a plant that it only in the
tourism if you exaggerate in a
liquid she will end up dying will
impoverish the leaves taeq she makes one
doing two or three weeks she has
These flowers are flowering here.
here and you end up having more more more was
Sorry more flowers, look what you have.
with the china of flowers that I will be born
I do not know if you do not see lilac
filming I looked new and I'm seeing here
to listen to blue but plant the color
her, it comes to clarify that I am not
Of you, so I never bought this
plant type violet clear garden
because she is not a plant for jorginho.
door into the house and she loves it.
clear environments dry land and is born
through the non-seed is through the
own top leaf transplant
the tip then is these have liked it if
You're not a good week-to-day process.
visit our blog thanks for the
comments and visits again